we're going to take a look at the
Kershaw skyline Kershaw makes excellent
knives in fact just recently I bought a
Kershaw leek
I've really enjoyed that knife but the
skyline is a completely different design
but it still has that Kershaw calls it
Walmart the other day and if you've been
in Walmart lately into their knife
section in the Sporting Goods they are
carrying some really high quality knives
that in different choices that are
really surprisingly good and so this was
in that section but what is really
incredible and this is something I want
to share with you I was in our local
Walmart I went around to one area away
from where the knives are typically
displayed and they had a little
clearance section and there were a
number of Kershaw knives
now this knife at Walmart was selling
for $35 but on clearance I picked up
this little skyline for $15 an
incredible bargain in fact that night I
had dinner with one of my buds and I
told him about it and he went directly
up to Walmart and all the knives that
were on clearance were gone if you're
ever in Walmart make sure you run by
just to see if there's something on
clearance you just never know anyway
this is a incredible little knife and
really what perked my interest the most
was that it was a skyline and I had
watched a video from nothing fancy doing
a review on this knife and he really had
nothing bad to say about it in fact he
was very positive about the skyline so
it kind of stuck with me so when I saw
it I said you know what I've got to have
that knife it weighs only 2.4 ounces so
it's very lightweight the blade is 3 and
1/8 inch and with the flipper it really
comes out fast just a little flick of
the slick of the wrist and it just pops
out I really like that one-handed design
then you can actually close it with one
hand as well the little notch is hard
is a little bit more difficult to get a
hold of you can grab it if you if you
really get your finger up under it the
flippers the way I really like to open
this knife in the first place
the reason why it's so light especially
with this size blade it has a nice large
spear point blade it's 3 and 1/8 inch
but there's no liner there is a liner
lock here but then it's just the g10
scale so it really makes this a very
lightweight knife but once you hold it
it just feels like quality I mean it
doesn't feel cheap and it's really tight
even with this kind of system if you
look at the blade there is no play in
that blade whatsoever even forward and
backwards of course the scales are very
nice and I don't know if you can really
get a good look at it but they're very
textured nice feel to them the clip
itself which has Kershaw
written on the clip is a really it's a
little bit flat but it's a nice strong
clip keep in your pocket it can be
changed to the other end with a knife
tip up however you want to carry it it
does ride a little bit high so it will
stick a little bit out of your pocket
now to show you how this fits in the
pocket this has a nice solid stitched
backing so push it in as you can see has
a good secure fit I don't really think
this is going to be coming out of your
pocket very easily but as you can see
just for those who have a real strong
preference for either clothes or showing
a little bit this is the way it rides in
your pocket and then you can grab it
pull it out ready for action
I saw where one guy was saying he would
really like to have a black clip here
but I really like the stone the
stonewashed finish of this knife and
really this clip blends in very well
with the blade it matches very
just a very nice contrast and as you can
see that blade it's a nice broad blade
which is unusual for this type knife and
I really like that size it's hollow
ground and it's razor sharp in fact I
cut myself the other day just doing
something very minor and put a slit
right my finger which even before I knew
it but has a really good secure grip has
a finger groove here where you can get a
hold of the knife and you can really use
it for you know the different tasks for
EDC but it does have a little bit
jimping here on the lock there is
nothing on top it's very smooth on the
top so a lot of people like to have a
little more gripping surface but it's
still it feels really well in your hand
now as you can see it's a very slim
design the scales themselves very thin
it rides very nicely in your pocket I've
probably had this knife for about a
month and I've just been carrying it in
my pocket and it's just been a very
comfortable knife it does have a lanyard
hole if you like to put lanyards on they
do have these little mini torques which
you can pull out if you need to do
anything to your blade also to be able
to take off the clip here as well but
overall it's nice and sturdy the click
is very positive it's a good solid
safety this really holds the lock does
well the model number on this knife is
1760 which designates that it is a
skyline and it is made in the USA which
is always nice so you know that the
steel has high quality that is very
important but when you're using this as
a tool that could possibly save your
life I wouldn't necessarily call this a
defensive tool it's more of an EDC carry
something about this knife just reminds
me of a shark I don't know what it is
in fact a great white but yet it's so
lightweight maybe it's because it's so
smooth and it just glides but I really
like the way this knife is shaped the
way it fits in your hand it doesn't hang
it hangs off just a little bit to give
you a secure grip just an excellent
knife the Kershaw skyline I highly
recommend this knife for EDC and as
always thanks for watching please
subscribe for more fun gun reviews and
sensible survival god bless america long
live the Republic
[Music]
ah armies